If you could read my thoughts, you would marry me tomorrow.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Sugar is sweet...and so are you.
You can add me to your cart anytime; I'm free with every purchase.
There are some things money can't buy. You look like one of them!
Send me your picture, so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas.
My parents told me not to talk to strangers. So, how about we be friends?
I do not think much. I do not think often. But when I do think, I think of you.
Kiss me and you will see the stars. Love me and I will give them to you.
Let's commit the perfect crime. You steal my heart, and I steal yours.
Just so you know, I'm not flirting with you. I'm just being extra nice to you who is extra attractive.
I don't know what you are doing to me, but every time I look at you, I can't stop smiling.
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you're the bomb.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
Do you have a pencil? Because I want to erase your past and write our future.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
I'm still single, in case you were wondering.
Be honest. How long have you been waiting for a text from me?
You know what would be even better than a text back? An invitation to dinner.
You are the complete package: brains, beauty, and awesome ninja skills.
You're so beautiful that last night you made me forget my pickup line.
I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
You want to know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me.